# Smile-To-Smile-game
For this project I decided to make Smile-to-Smile game . Smile-to-smile is  popular entertaining strategic game for all generations who are looking for fun, game is similar to TicTac game. Here user will be able to chose with which token he wants to play. User will use choosen token to play a round. Tokens will be in shape of different smiley faces , so that is why game got this name. The first player makes move with the choosen token .User will be able to play as many time as it wants. Users will be asked to write their names at the beginning of round. So smiley face will have name of the player. Smile-to-smile is game for two players, who take turns marking the spaces in a 3×3 grid. The player who succeeds in placing three of their marks in a horizontal, vertical, or diagonal row wins the game. 

Game will be played on three by three game board (nine playgrounds ). Also there will be three  additional buttons : Play Again, Qiut and Return. So Play Again as the name says make able user to play again. Quit button  for quitting the game and Return button  to return move. Following buttons will have interesting design.

For user who won the game following message wil be desplayed : „Congratulations, Winer is player .. !„ this will be kind of modal or pop-up window . At the end of the game results will be showned also in modal window. There will be displayed who won , who loosed. The winning three in row , will be crossed with foe example red line. Design will be colorofull and interesting.  
